README.MD, before:

#Summary

The HashTable is a data structure that implements an
assosiative array. The structure maps keys to values
in such a way that values may be accessed in O(1) time.
This is done through use of a hashing function.
The hashing function maps the content of the key to
a specific bucket. As the content of the key always
maps to a specific hash value, the key's value may
be accessed quickly.

    - get(key) - should return the value stored with the given key
    - set(key, val) - should store the given val using the given key
    - _hash(key) - should hash the key provided (note that this is an internal api)


# Coverage:

-----------------------------------------------------------
---------- coverage: platform darwin, python 2.7.12-final-0 ----------
Name                          Stmts   Miss  Cover   Missing
-----------------------------------------------------------
src/hash_table.py                47      2    96%   54, 58
-----------------------------------------------------------
---------- coverage: platform darwin, python 3.5.2-final-0 -----------
Name                          Stmts   Miss  Cover   Missing
-----------------------------------------------------------
src/hash_table.py                47      2    96%   54, 58
-----------------------------------------------------------

Gen Primes function used:
Sieve of Eratosthenes
Code by David Eppstein, UC Irvine, 28 Feb 2002
http://code.activestate.com/recipes/117119/

Commit message:

added test coverage, travis, and docstrings to readme.

README.MD, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/CCallahanIV/data-structures.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/CCallahanIV/data-structures)
#Summary

        insert(self, string): will insert the input string into the trie. If character in the input string is already present, it will be ignored.
        contains(self, string): will return True if the string is in the trie, False if not.
        size(self): will return the total number of words contained within the trie. 0 if empty.
        remove(self, string): will remove the given string from the trie. If the word does not exist, will raise an appropriate exception


# Coverage:

test_trie.py ...........

---------- coverage: platform darwin, python 2.7.12-final-0 ----------
Name                      Stmts   Miss  Cover   Missing
-------------------------------------------------------
trie.py                      67      6    91%   92, 98-99, 101-103

test_trie.py ...........

---------- coverage: platform darwin, python 3.5.2-final-0 -----------
Name                      Stmts   Miss  Cover   Missing
-------------------------------------------------------
trie.py                      67      6    91%   92, 98-99, 101-103
